[EuiInlineEdit] Add `title` to Read Mode Button (#6966)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6966.md

> - Added `title` to `EuiInlineEdit` read mode button to increase readability of truncated text

Reviewer: [copy nit] Usually the code backticks here indicates either a component name or prop name/API. Since we didn't actually add a `title` prop that consumers can actually use/pass, let's tweak the wording to be clearer:

```suggestion
- Updated `EuiInlineEdit`'s read mode button to include a title tooltip, increasing readability of truncated text
```
